CC0 1.0 Universal
CC0 1.0
Deed
Canonical URL
https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
See the legal code
No Copyright
The person who associated a work with this deed has
dedicated the work to the public domain by waiving all of
his or her rights to the work worldwide under copyright law,
including all related and neighboring rights, to the extent
allowed by law.
You can copy, modify, distribute and perform the work, even for
commercial purposes, all without asking permission. See
Other Information below.
Other Information
In no way are the patent or trademark rights of any person
affected by CC0, nor are the rights that other persons may have in
the work or in how the work is used, such as
publicity or privacy
rights.
Unless expressly stated otherwise, the person who associated a
work with this deed makes no warranties about the work, and
disclaims liability for all uses of the work, to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law.
When using or citing the work, you should not imply
endorsement by
the author or the affirmer.
Notice
The Commons Deed is not a legal instrument. It is simply a handy
reference for understanding the CC0 Legal Code, a human-readable
expression of some of its key terms. Think of it as the
user-friendly interface to the CC0 Legal Code beneath. This Deed
itself has no legal value, and its contents do not appear in CC0.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal
services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this Commons Deed
does not create an attorney-client relationship.
Creative Commons has not verified the copyright status of any work
to which CC0 has been applied. CC makes no warranties about any work
or its copyright status in any jurisdiction, and disclaims all
liability for all uses of any work.
Creative Commons is the nonprofit behind the open licenses and other
legal tools that allow creators to share their work. Our legal tools
are free to use.
Learn more about our work
Learn more about CC Licensing
Support our work
Use the license for your own material.
Licenses List
Public Domain List
Footnotes
return to reference
publicity or privacy — The use of a work free
of known copyright restrictions may be otherwise regulated or
limited. The work or its use may be subject to personal data
protection laws, publicity, image, or privacy rights that
allow a person to control how their voice, image or likeness
is used, or other restrictions or limitations under applicable
law.
More info
return to reference
endorsement — In some jurisdictions,
wrongfully implying that an author, publisher or anyone else
endorses your use of a work may be unlawful.
More info
