Attribution-ShareAlike 2.5 Generic
CC BY-SA 2.5
Deed
Notice
This is an older version of this license. Compared to previous
versions, the 4.0 versions of all CC licenses are
more user-friendly and more internationally robust . If you are licensing your own work , we
strongly recommend the use of the 4.0 license instead:
Deed - Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International
Canonical URL
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.5/
See the legal code
You are free to:
Share — copy and redistribute the material in any
medium or format for any purpose, even commercially.
Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the
material for any purpose, even commercially.
The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow
the license terms.
Under the following terms:
Attribution — You must give
appropriate credit , provide a link to the license, and
indicate if changes were made . You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that
suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build
upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under
the
same license
as the original.
No additional restrictions — You may not apply
legal terms or
technological measures
that legally restrict others from doing anything the license
permits.
Notices:
You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the
material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an
applicable
exception or limitation .
No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the
permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other
rights such as
publicity, privacy, or moral rights
may limit how you use the material.
Creative Commons is the nonprofit behind the open licenses and other
legal tools that allow creators to share their work. Our legal tools
are free to use.
Learn more about our work
Learn more about CC Licensing
Support our work
Use the license for your own material.
Licenses List
Public Domain List
Footnotes
return to reference
appropriate credit — If supplied, you must
provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a
copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a
link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also
require you to provide the title of the material if supplied,
and may have other slight differences.
More info
return to reference
indicate if changes were made — In 4.0, you
must indicate if you modified the material and retain an
indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier
license versions, the indication of changes is only required
if you create a derivative.
Marking guide
More info
return to reference
same license — You may also use a license
listed as compatible at
https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info
return to reference
technological measures — The license
prohibits application of effective technological measures,
defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright
Treaty.
More info
return to reference
exception or limitation — The rights of users
under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair
dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info
return to reference
publicity, privacy, or moral rights — You may
need to get additional permissions before using the material
as you intend.
More info
